* **Rule 1**

These are the rules of Infinite Nomic; all players must abide by them.
The ruleset is stored on a page at:
https://github.com/klinkplink/Infinite-Nomic.

* **Rule 2**

Discord users may become players (join the game) or cease to be players
(leave the game) by posting an announcement of this intent in
**#join-game**.

* **Rule 3**

No more than two times a week, a player can submit a rule change
proposal, which specifies an addition, deletion, or modification of a
single rule.

* **Rule 4**

There is a job called the Announcer. The Announcer reports to
**#announcements** all pending proposals and all proposals passed since
the last announcement. This must be done exactly three days each week,
which days are determined by each Announcer upon taking the job. The
first Announcer is **@rosewinsall#5416**.

* **Rule 5**

At the time of each announcement, the Announcer shall post all proposals
submitted since the last announcement in **#voting** and give it an ID
(starting at 1, going up by 1 for each new proposal). Each :thumbsup:
react counts for a yay vote and each :thumbsdown: react counts as a nay
vote. If there are more yay votes than nay votes when the next
announcement is posted, the proposal comes into effect.

* **Rule 6**

In the case of a rule conflict, the rule with the lower ID takes
precedence.

* **Rule 7**

There is a job called the Scribe of Rules who shall, once every time a
rule change proposal is passed, apply the changes it specifies to the
ruleset. The first Scribe of Rules is **@CodeTriangle#0726**.

* **Rule 8**

If a jobholder has consistently failed to perform their job, any player,
with the assent of two other players, can oust them from the position.
Jobholders may also resign. If a job is vacant, any player, with the
assent of two other players, can become its new jobholder.